Team ID:-44
This is a game project based on arduino uno.The components used are Arduino UNO,ADXL345 Accelerometer and Color LCD TFT Display.
Our game project is a self or modified version of ping pong.It is single player game,the opponent is a bot.The judging criteria is 5 points,as soon as player or bot makes 5 points then winner is prompted.Now screen again resets to start screen.The game continues...Enjoy the game.To run the code you need to install LCDWIKI_GUI and LCDWIKI_SUI libraries and make appropriate connections.

PLAYER=BLUE;
BOT=RED;

The detailed documentation is:-
First we included the required libraries:-
#include <LCDWIKI_GUI.h>
#include <LCDWIKI_SPI.h>

Then we defined LCD model and other pins to analog pins.Then my_lcd is called from the library.Then we defined some global variables to track the input of the accelerometer as Player Input and a player position and the bot position and then initial ball coordinates and initial ball speed and position store variables.
Now we worked accelerometer is given the register address and then void get_input() is called it takes the input from the accelerometer we are collecting the X coordinates and according we will use our player to shift.Getting the Xout and using the low pass filter to smoothen the movement of the player board.

The functionality of start_game function:-
	it initialises everything brings ball,player and bot with colors.

In void setup:-
	initialised the LCD,given some parameters to accelerometer to correct the errors,rotated the LCD so that scores can be printed correctly.

In render_player function:-
	it does everything to player,it's movement is controlled by this.

In point_in_ball function:-
	we are basically taking the pixels of ball.
In render_ball function:-
	we are making our,controlling all movements of it.

Next we wrote the collision function of ball with bot and player.

If ball goes out of boundary clear ball and give initial positions of the ball.

Next we are calculating scores of bot and player.

Next check_collision is used to check the collision is happened or not.

render_score function is used to change score on display.

Now if_win checks whether score of bot or player reached 5 or not.

render bot controls all the display functions of bot.

in void loop every functiion is called and according it works.
based on scoring the winning prompt is given.
at last screen is blacked.

Enjoy the game....

